1.	The tools and techniques for web development have changed a lot over the years. How will you personally try to keep up with those changes and where can you look to find them? First, I already started to follow software engineers on social media and very helpful websites like CSS tricks. The tools and techniques for web development change very quickly and if you don’t learn new thing you will be in disadvantage compare to other engineers.
2.	The lecture and readings discussed the limitations of using floats for layout. What are some of these limitations? Provide an example. Because floats were created for wrapping text there are some problem with using floats for layout for example when we use floats we are removing something form its normal flow and other elements will display beside the float, if we’d want to stop that we have to use another property named clear. Also, we have to be careful using floats because it can get messy. This is why css-tricks.com recommend using stronger tools like flexbox and grid.
3.	Flexbox is built to be language agnostic, so it uses generic terminology like the "Main" or "Cross" axis. Choose a flex property that affects one of these axes on a flex container and explain how it is used. Show how the result can change based on different flex directions and different writing modes. A flex property that affects one of the axes is the justify-content property, this property defines the space between and around the content and it works on the main axis. For example, because this property uses generic terminology like main and cross, if you change the direction of the content the end and the start also changes; the same happens with the writing mode.
